+++
title = "Unit2 Reflection"
date = "2026-03-16T02:44:27+05:30"
draft = false
+++

Next Tuesday, we had evening class, which was very close to my interest, Media, where we learned  how images are represented using the bits.In fact this is unit2.Black and white images are represented using two samples either 0 bit or 1 bit. On the other hand coloured image  is represented using the 256 samples. Gained in depthe knowledge about Pixels in both black-white  and coloured images. For the last six months I have been learning adobe premier pro.There I heard these terms like pixels, hue, white balance, colour grading, and frame transitions . I related all the topics to that.
The vey next lab aim was to build a blog site using hugo, which  demanded comfort with working on the command line. To publish it we needed git hup pages.The procedure was quite complex, for first time lerners like me. After this class , we went on learnign about images  and video. We started with representation of images  and how videos are made. Explored  in deep concepts of underlying bits , then on to colour images. Most fascinating things we see on our screen come out with a lot of mathematics and logic. I really  found myself in hard times, while learning this, because understanding this required little matrices. I am from a non-mathematics background. On the other hand, the instructor has informed us that there will be an exam on these concepts.The exam had multiple topics , yet those all come under unit2. I really started the week before the exam, because I always had fear that I would be able to pass the exam?After classes, during my free time, with help of chat gtp I learnt many concepts of the chapter. I practiced the worksheets given during the labs, twice and thrice. I used  to pick up multiple problems similar to the ones dynamic programic. I used to solve and verify them.Ths is given me lot of confidence before the exams. On the day of the exam, surprisingly , I did not find a single question regarding image transformation (simple ideas).It does not mean that there were no questions on it.Yes, there were but those from the function topics.
